hello to all growers, fans of u
tuba and everyone who watches this video
Today I will tell about another bush
your grape is an agate bush don
Today we have May 1 and it came to the most
time to do green operations
hanging look in this bush over the past
year and before last how did it happen we
have developed
3 escapes for no 3 escapes each escape
we winded and gives here such
buds that is, all the buds wintered here
and here's the third cube means you have to achieve
to
next year there were 4 escapes or
same 4 sleeves and what to do
means what do i mean consider from
1 let's say sleeve yes I will leave the most
top and all these lower germinated here
kidneys all completely removing
he himself to the very bottom there is already one
got cut here on one sleeve I left
Only one kidney to wear I will say right away
From this bush I do not want to achieve
some crop
I have it is not necessary although you can
try let's still try
second hand more so powerful
on it I also break off everything
completely these germinated buds below
so here
and leave the top how many 22 escape
I leave her 2 wins and one kidney
left and here's the second one I'll
try to get
maybe harvest some hron point with 2 i
I will develop further this sleeve
if it is to start up some loud
I will leave it to see if not
complete and then delete
I will delete and I will just continue
the movement of this sleeve is like this
looks like hands after wreckage one we
broken off 2 broken off and proceed to
third here we have 3
on the third sleeve also the kidneys
it means all I just break the kidney
leave one top break it all
little still not bloomed too all
I break off this little one too
because in a week she turn into
in the big here is a little too, we will remove it and
leave here this lower kidney means with
this lower kidney we will be exactly the same
will grow big-big sleeve and y
we will thus be formed bush
in 4 sleeves here looks like a bush
after
debris that is green operations let's
run through
1 hand at the very bottom is empty
other sleeve
too empty top of the current leaving
left one kidney and
3 hands too to the top
only one kidney is left here
it is necessary to conduct these
green operations do not seem to regret
will grow more will be more grapes
No, this is all a wrong opinion.
be sure to carry out green operations
then there will be a result
correctly form a bush and after 3 2
3 years after the formation of the bush you already
will have a fully formed bush
which will only please you further
it means everything that we have will appear
here we are all broken off but there will be
again to appear kidneys make the way
because with one kidney but here
there are also broken off dormant buds of pieces 45
there will again again all grow new
buds will give some time this
everything will be necessary
break off break off so hd to the middle
summer and promote only this growth 1
in a row to extend this sleeve and do
this sleeve is thicker still in this
the beginning of May is there or earlier
May there a week to do a good
watering the vine and preferably it is all
do with some kind of root
fertilizer whether fertilizer stir it
Do any stimulants and good to shed
let the bush let it develop look at
him for development
main mistake do not leave too much on
bush because the bush will be later
look like you like a bush
currants there or something else
then on this bush I do not see what
here something is tied though at me
there are other bushes visible
small-small after the leaf is already inside
will be well as i said on this bush and
left here two buds to
will there be a crop or not
if it is not and still I will
here's my bush
subscribe to the channel and watch a lot
here is useful not only about grapes
to new meetings